ASSINMENT1[
1. Write a program to print the area of a rectangle by creating a class named
   'Area' having two methods. First method named as 'setDim' takes length and 
   breadth of rectangle as parameters and the second method named as 'getArea' 
   returns the area of the rectangle. Length and breadth of rectangle are
   entered through keyboard.

2. Create a class named 'Student' with String variable 'name' and integer 
   variable'roll_no'. Assign the value of roll_no as '2' and that of name as 
   "lalu" by creating an object of the class Student.
   
3. Assign and print the roll number, phone number and address of two students 
   having names "Sam" and "John" respectively by creating two objects of class
   'Student'.
   
Define a class called Mobike with the following description:
Instance variables/data members:
String bno - to store the bike's number (UP65AB1234)
String name to store the name of the customer
int days - to store the number of days the bike is taken on rent
int charge to calculate and store the rental charge
Member methods:
void input() to input and store the detail of the customer.
void compute() to compute the rental chargeThe rent for a mobike is charged on the following basis.
First five days Rs 500 per day;
Next five days Rs 400 per day
Rest of the days Rs 200 per day
void display () to display the details in the following format:
Bike No. Name No. of days Charge
   
   

1. Take values of length and breadth of a rectangle from user and check if it is square or not.

2. Take two int values from user and print greatest among them.

3. A shop will give discount of 10% if the cost of purchased quantity is more than 1000.
   Ask user for quantity
   Suppose, one unit will cost 100.
   Judge and print total cost for user.

4. A company decided to give bonus of 5% to employee if his/her year of service is more than 5 years.
   Ask user for their salary and year of service and print the net bonus amount.

5. A school has following rules for grading system:
	a. Below 25-F
	b. 25 to 45 - E
	c. 45 to 50 - D
	d. 50 to 60 - C
	e. 60 to 80-B
	f. Above 80 - A
	Ask user to enter marks and print the corresponding grade.
	
]

6. Take Input of age of 3 people by user and determine oldest and youngest among them.

7. Write a program to print absolute viaue of a number entered by user. E.g.-
	INPUT: 1
	OUTPUT: 1
	INPUT: -1
	OUTPUT: 1

8. A student will not be allowed to sit in exam if his/her attendence is less than 75%.
	Take following input from user
	Number of classes held
	Number of classes attended.
	And print percentage of class attended
	Is student is allowed to sit in exam or not.

9. Modify the above question to allow student to sit if he/she has medical cause. 
   Ask user if he/she has medical cause or not ('Y' or 'N') and print accordingly.

10. If
	x = 2
	y = 5
	z=0
	then find values of the following expressions:
	a. x== 2
	b. x != 5
	c. x != 5 && y >= 5
	d. z != 0 || x == 2
	e. !(y<10)

11. Write a program to check whether a entered character is lowercase (a to z) or uppercase (A to Z).

12. Write a program to check if a year is leap year or not.
	If a year is divisible by 4 then it is leap year but if the year is century year 
	like 2000, 1900, 2100 then it must be divisible by 400.

13. Ask user to enter age, sex (M or F), marital status (Y or N) and 
	then using following rules print their place of service.
	if employee is female, then she will work only in urban areas.
	if employee is a male and age is in between 20 to 40 then he may work in anywhere
	if employee is male and age is in between 40 to 60 then he will work in urban areas only.
	And any other input of age should print "ERROR".

14. Take three values from the user and print them in ascending order
